hello to all lovers of anime and manga is
well found in the term I want
talk to you today and under and the word ad
go is made up of two words from anne
marie which means silence and is seeing
as we have already seen in the video
precedents means very in love with i
and damaging characters tend to stay
always silent trying to pull
out their side of redere alone
when they are alone together with the
character of which they are in love
in the work I want to talk about today
we have no type of drinking the work
which I want to talk to you about this time has
inspired by the most famous world heart
online it was panda in the initial incipit
but developing the plot in a way
completely different
the work in question and tum series of
manga created by giulia inoue since
which was drawn an anime of 12
episodes the manga series and still in
course both in Japan and in Italy in
Japan we arrived is the eleventh
volume while in Italy we are at volume
8 in Japan the manga distributed by
shin cha cha
while in Italy it is distributed by sandwiches
comics and planet manga with cadence
bimestrial
sakamoto Wheel is a 22 year old unemployed
who lives with her mother in the lives of
everyday an ordinary person but
online is famous for being in the top ten
of the world boot ranking an e
simultaneously the best player
of japan
on a private day he wakes up on an island
tropical having no idea how it could
having ended up seeing someone in
distance calls for help but for all
answer the launch of a stranger
bomb on wheel realizes
to be finished in some way
trapped in a real version of the
bluetooth game and therefore will have to do
everything possible to survive like
I always avoid going further to avoid
spoiler
regarding the graphic aspect
I consider this anime technically
indiscreet six characters that landscapes
they are well done and the same speech
applies to animations and explosions
which are really very frequent being
bluetooth a game based on grenades
as for the audio I found it
generally good or particularly
loved the opening that one of mine
favorite along with cross in field and in
meaning the two opening this world heart on
line
the opening is called no pain no gain
sung by nano the second opening yes
titled exis always sung by the dwarf
while lending is called aurora e
decanted by main
you do well
even if the authors of these years
they were inspired by sau personally
this anime reminds me much more about me
rainey who why just like the sights
who is there a continuous sense of anxiety and the
awareness that the protagonist does not
can trust no one always has the
feeling that the protagonist can
to be betrayed by others for a moment
to the other and that that character to whom
maybe you could become ill
a great asshole obviously the
plot a logical sense is the protagonist
is on this island for a reason
very precise and everything will be explained
with the continuation of it to the control
of viewfinder, however, the plot is not
concludes with the end of the soul are
therefore waiting for a second season
Having said this, I greet you and invite you to
leave me a nice like is a comment
if you go to the next one